looking for social media opportunities
well here's one hey everyone i'm neil
patel and today i'm going to break down
the biggest opportunity in paid social
media ads since the death of organic
reach
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
according to we are social digital's
2020 october snapshot and i know we're
past 2020 more than 4 billion people
worldwide that's 4.14 billion now use
social media each month
that's an incredible 53 penetration for
the entire world's population 57 percent
of consumers follow brands to learn more
about products or services according to
sprout social
ninety-one percent of consumers visit a
brand website or application when they
follow them on social according to
influencer hub
look the biggest opportunity is
personalization
if you want to do well especially with
your paid ads you got to personalize and
that's what we're seeing companies avoid
now below leave a comment let me know if
you personalize your social ads if you
do let me know with yes i do and give
examples of how you do it and if you
don't let me know that you don't
and i'm going to break down some of the
examples we use so if we all share
as a group
we'll then get better ideas for
personalization and of course if you
need help with your marketing and your
personalization when it comes to social
media you can also check out my ad
agency np digital
now here are the biggest opportunities
for personalization i'm going to dive
into each of them and then i'm going to
give you examples
first off target users in different
parts of your funnel that means if
someone's on your checkout page you show
them something different than if they're
on your landing page to view your
product if they're on your homepage you
show them different than if they're on
your consulting page
second tip target users based on pages
or products they viewed on your website
you would show them a different message
if they're looking at dog food versus
cat food if they're looking at
accounting services versus marketing
services
next one relevant messaging according to
the next steps you want them to take
well
if they are on your sales page and they
see your copy what do they do next you
can show them ads to help them push them
through and nudge them
so now this is the fun part i want to
share some examples that we use if you
visit the neilpatel.com consulting lead
generation page and try it out
if you don't fill out your information
you'll get a retargeting ad and with a
funny video of our ad
this is neil patel these are a lot of
neil patel's working with np digital is
like having your own team of neil
patel's that are laser focused on
growing your business
you get access to a top team of
marketers and specialists that have
studied the art of marketing from neil
himself
his marketing blog alone gets over 9
million visitors a month so if you're
looking to take your business to the
next level it's time to work with an
agency that leads by example
np digital digital marketing with real
results and if you visit an info product
checkout page and you don't buy i may
show your remarketing video with case
studies and what it's like if you bought
you can then do the same with your
physical products so for example let's
say i'm selling
you know um
sam evans and i'm selling consulting.com
and i'm showing you how to be a
consultant i may get a few people on
there showing them as a case study of
what it's like being like hey i signed
up for consulting.com i learned how to
create my own consulting company for
accounting or marketing here are the
results here's my revenue screenshots
here's what i learned in module one and
two and three and four and this is what
helped me the most uh here's where i
struggled here's where sam and then team
helped me that's an example of showing a
very related ad to get people across the
funnel and we used to do that for our
info products when we sold them we don't
sell info products now but it was one of
the highest converting ads that would
ever run
if you read one of my blog posts i make
sure you add showcasing my products or
services now that you're familiar with
my brand so what i do funny enough is
especially if i want to get new people
into my funnel i
target people on
youtube or facebook who are interested
in marketing
i then had to get them to my site once
they read some of my content then what i
do is then show more ads for more of my
content then as they read a few blog
posts i try to get them on my email list
warm them up and then later on i'll
remarket them with my products or
services and that works really well
because they're warm sometimes i send
them to a webinar but it works really
well
another thing that i do and i found that
a lot of companies even big companies
don't do this i don't know why they
always say the money is in your list in
marketing
once someone's bought from me it's way
easier to get them to buy from emu again
and again versus getting new people in
so once someone's bought from me and
over time i continually release new
products and upsells i show them other
offers because when i show them other
offers there's a good chance that
they're already familiar with my brand
especially if they left like a really
positive review i don't just target them
from emails but from my ads i try to
target them as well and get them in and
buy more products look the possibilities
of targeting are endless i want to share
what some of the tactics that we do
and if you use some of them you can do
really well out of everything that i've
tested this year what i found is when
you do personalization combined with
humor or something that's a little bit
more refreshing with your ads i found it
to do really well think like a squatty
potty or some of the stuff that harm
brothers does
it works super well but again you know
the ad has to make sense and you have to
break things down in a logical way that
people can understand and i found that
that does well in b to b and b to c so
if you have customized targeting
with
creative ads in each and every single
aspect you'll do even better because it
helps you stand out from the crowd and
it differentiates you now if you need
help with your marketing check out my ad
agency np digital if you have any
questions leave a comment below if
you're doing customized targeting and
you're doing something that's creative
leave a comment below share it love to
hear it and if you enjoyed the video
like it share it tell people about it
thank you for watching